Souriya KhaosangaCS300HW2 NotesI first access the projects.cecs.pdx.edu website and watch each of the tutorials to gather information regarding the git repositories.To access my account I use my cs.pdx.edu login name & password.It seems as though the CAT team has already created our repositories and the managers are already loaded into the repository.  These include me, the TA and Professor Massey.Git is the only option available for creating my repository.In the tutorial I was trying to create an SSH key for my computer, however I ran into an error which Internal errorAn error occurred on the page you were trying to access.?If you continue to experience problems please contact your redMine administrator for assistance.However, if you look at the right side you will see that this API key has already been generated which looks like: 40067982d544396104f8a6ac0fbf0b3b449fc525Disabled some of the modules to individually track and learn about them.I am able to add and track different bugs or features while being able to assign them to anyone.Options lets you sort and organize features and bugs.Created a wiki module for the redmine where I am able to format text using code.Finding help online was the last video which shared links to the redmine features and functionality.Created an SSH key by typing in the command ssh-keygen Ðt rsa ÐC khaosans@pdx.eduMy ssh password is stored on google docs for safe keeping. (note to self)At first had issues with connecting to the server because I didnÕt create the ssh key.Stored that SSH key with redmine for recognition.Found my working directory1. 1)	Created .git folder by typing in git init2. 2)	Added the file by typing in git add .3. 3)	Did the initial commit by typing git commit Ðm Òinitial commitÓ4. 4)	Created a pointer to the https://projects.cecs.pdx.edu/projects called origin5. 5)	typed in git push origin master6. 6)	Successfully pushed on both accounts without issueCode DevelopmentI wrote the code at the first week of class therefore I didnÕt take such good notes on the program building section.  Mainly, I spent my time looking at tutorials on youtube to inform myself about python.  I also used a lot of stack overflow for my programming.  For instance, I had to check my code for negative values for the argument input and that required me to search for stack overflow for help which provided me with some insight on how to solve this problem of negative strings into integers.Testing Implementation 0:Implementation 0 Test1 input -> Errornon integer input -> Errorgreater than 2 input -> Errorless than or equal to 1 input -> Errornegative numbers both -> Output first negative second positive -> Outputfirst positive second negative -> Outputboth negative -> Outputboth values are the same -> that number

I put a copy of my test criteria on the Redmine called text0.txt
It is a shell script of what items i placed into my program to test the conditions.Pseudo Code for Implementation 01) Check to see if the input is exactly 2	else		Print "Status Code 1 Error"2)Check to see if the input are valid integers	else		Print "Status Code 1 Error"3)Store values of input as beginning and ending respectively 	for beginning to ending plus one		Print the value beginning  incremented by one	end at the last number	