#Souriya Khaosanga © 2013
#CS300 Fall Term 2013
HW4 Notes 

The following is the notes for implementation level 3 and 4 described in the readme.  

Credits:
	Although this is stated in my code I just want to give credit those those who I have gained valuable information from:

	Firstly, the roman numeral functions I would like to credit Justin Shuck and the website:
	http://code.activestate.com/recipes/81611-roman-numerals/ for helping me resolve the issue
	of accounting for roman numerals.  Much of these functions were taken and slightly modified
	from the site. These have proven to be extremely useful in solving the roman numeral problems.  

	Secondly, I'd like to credit Sean Debellis for researching and implementing the regular expressions in my program.
	With these regular expression functions, I was able to quickly determine certain languages in the language.

	For example:
		Languages for the roman numeral were much easier to identify with the regular expressions.  These included
		upper and lower case alpha, upper and lower case roman numberals, floating point numbers and integers.

	These functions were invaluable in my program because I was able to determine certain types of languages and figure
	out which functions I would need to call to properly handle my program.  

	Thirdly, I found lots of help from the stack overflow website.  Overall, I'd just like to thank and credit the internet 
	for providing such information and knowledge.  These types of sites are extremely useful for soliving and reminding
	me of my basic sytax.  I also found the python.org site to provide great information for in library functions
	which I definitely made good use. 

Issues:
	1)
		First issue was the inferred from input.
		The program had ambigiuty from the alpha and roman numberals.
		For example when we input X or x: Does this mean the alpha value or the roman numeral value.

		Because I decided to convert the alpha into integers mapped from a to 1 and z to 26.  This created an issue 
		of x being 10(Roman Numeral integer equivelent) or x being (Alphabet integer equivelent 24)

		To handle this situation, I decided to remove the inference for ALPHA and alpha. This strictly means
		that the only way to get an alpha output the user will be required to type those commands otherwise
		my sequ program will not handle.  

		As this decision was made because one way or another, I would not have been able to solve the ambiguity problem. 

	2)
		Determining inference from the number lines when we had input of beginning and increment.  For this part of the
		program, I decided that from the spec, it state that when an argument is supplied with the format word, 
		the input had to be consistent with the input.  

		For example:
			If the user calls 'sequ.py -F arabic V1 V2' -- I required that V1 and V2 be of the arabic type.  If one 
			was not of arabic type (ie not an integer) this would result in an error.  So my spec will not handle 
			different types of the type of argument:
				arabic means integer
				ALPHA means uppercase alphabet
				alpha means lowercase alphabet
				ROMAN means uppercase roman numerals
				roman means lowercase roman numberals
				floating means floats

			Just to clarify, my program will return an error if any of the arguments is supplied and the variables 
			are not consistently the same.  
	3)
		Sequ program does handle and infers from the last supplied argument: romans (uppercase and lowercase), arabic
		(integers), floating (float).  However, I'd like to stress that my program does NOT handle the alpha but
		that the user will need to specify alpha or ALPHA to use the alpha option.  This is due to ambiguity.


Other:

	1) 
		Modular functions: I'd just like to stress the large need to modularize my functions so that they could be 
		unit tested effectively.  I found that I was more successful when I was designing functions at the most
		basic functions

		For Example:
			When it came time to implement the design for 'newlines'--my first attempt ended in massive failure
			because I tried to create one function to handle all my cases.  I found that stepping through and
			manually debugging the program became extremely difficult and nearly impossible without going insane.  

			So I decided to start from scratch and design individual functions which handled very simple tasks.
			One function that prints the various cases: 
				arabic means integer
				ALPHA means uppercase alphabet
				alpha means lowercase alphabet
				ROMAN means uppercase roman numerals
				roman means lowercase roman numberals
				floating means floats

			This was then followed by an function which was designed to infer from the mandatory last argument
			from command line. This was very useful because when I ran into bugs, I could easily test each
			function and then deal with the issues from that point.

			Finally, I created a function that dealt with the simple printing with arguments which specified
			what types I would need to print. 



Psedo Code:

	Printing Code function:

		1) Accept arguments for each of the input required for printing.

		2) Determine which print type the function will use:
			a)arabic means integer
			b)ALPHA means uppercase alphabet
			c)alpha means lowercase alphabet
			d)ROMAN means uppercase roman numerals
			e)roman means lowercase roman numberals
			f)floating means floats

		3)Ensure that the arguments into the function are only integers or floats.
			a) if not reject and kick out of the function
		
		4)If input are correct, then convert the various input to the correct
			type and print out. 

		5)When printing is complete, exit out of the program.

	Inference function:

		1) Determine the last argument value.

		2) Create a variable which stores the type of argument the last argument is.

		3) Pass this information to the function which handles the printing process.


	Code for number Lines:

		For this I tried to psuedo code but I couldn't get my head around all the cases.
		So instead, I simply brute force my way through each of the cases and made sure
		I had the correct output for each of input.  Although this may not be as good 
		as creating the psuedo code, for my understanding I found it easier to 
		use the trial and error method.  This however took much more time but in the
		end, it worked.  



Test Cases:
	
	If you look at my code in lines 557 - 590 you will notice my unit tests that I have left in.  This part
	of my program I found that leaving these into my program made it much easier to test if certain functions
	were performing as intended.  I would consider these to be white box testing as I know what is insde the 
	function.  

	Lines 803 - 809: This information was used to help determine how many arguments I had, which arguments 
	are provided and their index system value.  I also created a flat to determine if the user called a 
	seperator which input a seperator character(s).  This is probably one of the most useful items, as
	I did try to pseudo code this part but just found that brute force was the best way for me to resolve 
	this issues.

	Test File Name: 

		1)testHW5outputV2.txt
		2)testHW5backslashEscapes.txt



